Deprecate breadcrumbs and allow singular backAction prop on Page and Breadcrumbs (#8135)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/metal-cows-poke.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Adds new backAction prop and deprecates breadcrumbs in favor of the new singular prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated the `Page` `breadcrumbs` prop in favor of the new `backAction` prop.
```
